hi I'm Lyle wranglin from the guitar net
most people know me as the monster from
Mill Creek others know me as the Rocket
Man
most know me for my teaching and my
performance and recording skills but
here I'm going to show you a
revolutionary new guitar tuner called in
tune it's the first guitar tuner that's
designed to be where it should have been
all along built right into the
instrument it allows everyone the
ability to tune anytime anywhere it is
super easy to use that is convenient
accurate and cool looking on your
instrument look how simple it is to use
just pull on the knob to turn it on and
it mutes the output so nobody hears you
tune now it's ready to use okay so I'm
gonna start with tuning the sixth string
and it tells me the name of the note and
we want it to be an E
and then when the green light comes on
and it's a steady e I'm in tune nice
drum Accord and then if I when I'm done
I can just go back to the playing again
and right from performance again
anytime I need to just double-check
something on stage I just activate it
and mutes the tuning I can quickly check
if one of the strings or many of the
string goes out of tune then I go right
back to playing again I've worked with a
lot of different companies on new
exciting products and I gotta tell you
this is one of the greatest products for
all levels of players from beginners to
advanced having a tuner built right into
your guitar is simply amazing for more
information go to their website WWN tune
calm